Add Telemetry devices reference (#5164)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _benchmark/reference/summary-report.md

## Cumulative indexing time of primary shards

**Corresponding metrics key**: `indexing_total_time`

The cumulative time used for indexing as reported by the Index Stats API. Note that this is not wall-clock time, for example, if M indexing threads ran for N minutes, report M * N minutes, not N minutes.

## Cumulative indexing time across primary shards

**Corresponding metrics key:** `indexing_total_time` (property: `per-shard`)

The minimum, median, and maximum cumulative time used for indexing across primary shards as reported by the Index Stats API.

## Cumulative indexing throttle time of primary shards

**Corresponding metrics key:** `indexing_throttle_time`

The cumulative time that the indexing has been throttled as reported by the Index Stats API. Note that this is not wall-clock time, for example, if M indexing threads ran for N minutes, report M * N minutes, not N minutes.

## Cumulative indexing throttle time across primary shards

**Corresponding metrics key:** `indexing_throttle_time` (property: `per-shard`)

The minimum, median, and maximum cumulative time used that indexing has been throttled across primary shards as reported by the Index Stats API.

> 

Reviewer: Delete extra blank line

## Cumulative merge time of primary shards

**Corresponding metrics key:** `merges_total_time`

> The cumulative runtime of merges of primary shards, as reported by the index stats API. Note that this is not wall clock time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cumulative runtime of merges of primary shards, as reported by the index stats API. Note that this is not wall-clock time.
```

## Cumulative merge count of primary shards

**Corresponding metrics key:** `merges_total_count`

> The cumulative number of merges of primary shards, as reported by index stats API under `_all/primaries`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cumulative number of merges of primary shards, as reported by the Index Stats API under `_all/primaries`.
```

> 

Reviewer: Delete extra line

**Corresponding metrics key**: `node_total_young_gen_gc_time`

The total runtime of the young generation (gen) garbage collector (GC) across the whole cluster as reported by the Node Stats API.

## Total young gen GC count

**Corresponding metrics key:** `node_total_young_gen_gc_count`

The total number of young gen GCs across the whole cluster as reported by the Node Stats API.

## Total old gen GC time

**Corresponding metrics key:** `node_total_old_gen_gc_time`

The total runtime of the old gen GC across the whole cluster as reported by the Node Stats API.

## Total old gen GC count

**Corresponding metrics key:** `node_total_old_gen_gc_count`

The total number of old gen GCs across the whole cluster as reported by the Node Stats API.

## Total ZGC cycles GC time

**Corresponding metrics key**: `node_total_zgc_cycles_gc_count`

The total number of garbage collections performed by the Z garbage collector (ZGC) across the whole cluster as reported by the Node Stats API.

## Total ZGC pauses GC time

**Corresponding metrics key**: `node_total_zgc_pauses_gc_time`

The total time spent in stop-the-world pauses by the ZGC across the whole cluster as reported by the Node Stats API.

> 

Reviewer: Delete extra blank line

## Total ZGC pauses GC count

**Corresponding metrics key**: `node_total_zgc_pauses_gc_count`

The total number of stop-the-world pauses performed by the ZGC across the whole cluster as reported by the Node Stats API.

> 

Reviewer: Delete extra blank line

## Store size

**Corresponding metrics key**: `store_size_in_bytes`

> The size in bytes of the index (excluding the translog) as reported by the Index Stats API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The index size in bytes (excluding the translog) as reported by the Index Stats API.
```

## Translog size

**Corresponding metrics key**: `translog_size_in_bytes`

> The size in bytes of the translog as reported by the Index Stats API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The translog size in bytes as reported by the Index Stats API.
```

## Heap used for X

**Corresponding metrics keys**: `segments_*_in_bytes`

> The number of bytes used for the corresponding item as reported by the Index Stats API. The item could any of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of bytes used for the corresponding item as reported by the Index Stats API. The item may be any of the following:
```

> - doc values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Doc values
```

> - terms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Terms
```

> - norms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Norms
```

> - points

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Points
```

> - stored fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Stored fields
```

> ## Segment count

Reviewer: This should match the name used in the setting.

**Corresponding metrics key**: `segments_count`

The total number of segments as reported by the Index Stats API.

## Total Ingest Pipeline count

**Corresponding metrics key**: `ingest_pipeline_cluster_count`

The total number of documents ingested by all nodes within the cluster, over the duration of the race.

> ## Total Ingest Pipeline time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Total ingest pipeline time
```

**Corresponding metrics key**: `ingest_pipeline_cluster_time`

The total time, in milliseconds, spent preprocessing ingest documents by all nodes within the cluster, over the duration of the race.

> 

Reviewer: Delete the extra blank line

> ## Total Ingest Pipeline failed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Total ingest pipeline failed
```

**Corresponding metrics key**: `ingest_pipeline_cluster_failed`

> The total number of failed ingest operations by all nodes within the cluster, over the duration of the race.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The total number of failed ingest operations by all nodes within the cluster over the race duration.
```

## Throughput

**Corresponding metrics key**: `throughput`

>  reports the minimum, mean, median and maximum throughput for each task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reports the minimum, mean, median, and maximum throughput for each task.
```

> The number of operations that OpenSearch can perform within a certain time period  per second. The report includes the minimum, mean, median, and maximum throughput for each task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of operations that OpenSearch can perform within a certain time period per second. The report includes the minimum, mean, median, and maximum throughput for each task.
```

> The number of operations that OpenSearch can perform within a certain time period,  per second. The report includes the minimum, mean, median and maximum throughput for each task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of operations that OpenSearch can perform within a certain time period  per second. The report includes the minimum, mean, median, and maximum throughput for each task.
```

## Latency

**Corresponding metrics key**: `latency`

> The time period between submission of a request and receiving the complete response. It also includes the wait time the request spends waiting until it is ready to be serviced by OpenSearch. OpenSearch reports several percentile numbers for each task. Which percentiles are shown depends on how many requests OpenSearch can capture during the latency period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The time period between submission of a request and receiving the complete response. It includes the wait time the request spends waiting before it is processed by OpenSearch. OpenSearch reports several percentile numbers for each task. Which percentiles are shown depends on how many requests OpenSearch can capture during the latency period.
```

## Service time

**Corresponding metrics key**: `service_time`

> The time period between sending a request and receiving the corresponding response. It does not include waiting time. While many load testing tools refer to this metic as _latency_, it is not the same. OpenSearch reports several percentile numbers for each task. Which percentiles are shown depends on how many requests OpenSearch can capture during the latency period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The time period between sending a request and receiving the corresponding response. It does not include waiting time. While many load testing tools refer to this metric as _latency_, it is not the same. OpenSearch reports several percentile numbers for each task. Which percentiles are shown depends on how many requests OpenSearch can capture during the latency period.
```

> 

Reviewer: Delete the extra blank lines

## Processing time

> Processing time is only reported if the setting `output.processingtime` is set to true in the OpenSearch Benchmark configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Processing time is only reported if the setting `output.processingtime` is set to `true` in the OpenSearch Benchmark configuration file.
```

{: note.}

**Corresponding metrics key**: `processing_time`

> 

Reviewer: Delete extra blank line

> The time period between start of request processing and receiving the complete response. Unlike `service_time`, this metric includes OpenSearch’s client-side processing overhead. Large differences between `service_time` and `processing_time` indicate a high overhead in the client and thus can point to a potential client-side bottleneck that requires investigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The time period between start of request processing and retrieval of the complete response. Unlike `service_time`, this metric includes OpenSearch’s client-side processing overhead. Large differences between `service_time` and `processing_time` indicate a high overhead in the client and thus can point to a potential client-side bottleneck that requires investigation.
```

Reviewer: What constitutes a "large difference"? A certain number of seconds? We should give the user a clear example; otherwise, it's subjective.

> The time period between start of request processing and receiving the complete response. Unlike to service time, this metric also includes OpenSearch’s client side processing overhead. Large differences between service time and processing time indicate a high overhead in the client and can thus point to a potential client-side bottleneck which requires investigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The time period between start of request processing and receiving the complete response. Unlike `service_time`, this metric includes OpenSearch’s client-side processing overhead. Large differences between `service_time` and `processing_time` indicate a high overhead in the client and thus can point to a potential client-side bottleneck that requires investigation.
```

> 

Reviewer: Delete extra line

## Error rate

Corresponding metrics key: `service_time`. Each `service_time` record has a `meta.success` flag. 

> The ratio of erroneous responses relative to the total number of responses. Any exception thrown by the Python OpenSearch client is considered erroneous, for example, HTTP response codes 4xx, 5xx, or network errors (network unreachable).  You can investigate the root cause by inspecting OpenSearch and OpenSearch Benchmark logs and rerunning the benchmark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ratio of erroneous responses relative to the total number of responses. Any exception thrown by the Python OpenSearch client is considered erroneous, for example, HTTP response codes 4xx, 5xx, or network errors (network unreachable). You can investigate the root cause by inspecting OpenSearch and OpenSearch Benchmark logs and rerunning the benchmark.
```

> The ratio of erroneous responses relative to the total number of responses. Any exception thrown by the Python OpenSearch client is considered erroneous, for example, HTTP response codes 4xx, 5xx, or network errors (network unreachable). Usually any error rate greater than zero was found by the Alerting plugin. You should investigate the root cause by inspecting OpenSearch and OpenSearch Benchmark logs and rerun the benchmark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ratio of erroneous responses relative to the total number of responses. Any exception thrown by the Python OpenSearch client is considered erroneous, for example, HTTP response codes 4xx, 5xx, or network errors (network unreachable). Usually any error rate greater than zero was found by the Alerting plugin. You can investigate the root cause by inspecting OpenSearch and OpenSearch Benchmark logs and rerunning the benchmark.
```

> 

Reviewer: Delete extra line

Reviewer: Rewrite "Usually any error rate greater than zero was found by the Alerting plugin." It's an incomplete thought.

## Disk usage

**Corresponding metrics keys**: `disk_usage_total`
**Metric metadata**: `index` and `field`

> The total number of bytes that a single field uses on disk. Recorded for each field returned by the disk usage API even if the total is 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The total number of bytes that a single field uses on disk. Recorded for each field returned by the Disk Usage API even if the total is `0`.
```

> 

Reviewer: Delete extra line
